everyone loves the sound of a classic v8
Rumble and installing a catback exhaust
from stainless worse will give your 5
liter f-150 the sounded deserves first
drop the stock exhaust from the truck
unbolt the muffler and resonator then
remove it from the exhaust hangers
installing the new piping starts with
the mid pipe and the dual exit split
pipe after they're in place and bolted
down the stainless source mufflers are
ready to be installed
the over axle pipes are next and can be
put in place along with the exhaust
hanger bracket that holds the over axle
pipe secure
next the exhaust hangers that stainless
works supplies and the installed on the
truck and connected to the tailpipes all
those left on the install is to connect
and secure the exhaust tips and double
check all exhaust clamps and the hangers
are tightened secured after it is all
snug underneath the truck you are ready
to fire it up and enjoy your upgraded
exhaust note